resume.md, before:

Tyler Duzan
===========

----
Tyler Duzan is an 12 year veteran of the tech industry. He got his start with computers at a
very young age, learning his first programming language (BASIC) at six years old. As he got
older his fascination with computers progressed into a passion for all things technology with
an emphasis on security. As part of exploring this passion he has learned a broad range of
technical skills including a deep understanding of Windows, Linux, and networking. While at
Rackspace Hosting for a little over four years he was involved in many projects including the
launch of Cloud Databases, writing deployment automation for Cloud Identity enabling the Sydney
region launch, acting as the Global Technical Product Owner for Linux operating systems at
Rackspace, and many more. Most recently, Tyler has joined the Y-Combinator backed health
technology startup Eligible as a Senior Technical Operations Engineer working remotely.
----

Experience
----------

**Eligible Inc.**  
Senior Technical Operations Engineer    Jan 2016 - Present

* Managed an environment in the Cloud using Terraform and Amazon Web Services (AWS)
* Managed environment configurations using Chef, using automated testing with
  ServerSpec, Food Critic, and Rubocop.
* Assist the security team as needed with assessing and mitigating any
  security issues found in the environment.
* Managed user server and VPN access via Chef and a set of Rake tasks
* Responsible to ensure that all scripts, cookbooks, and other IP
  produced by the team is documented thoroughly.
* Wrote custom Nagios/Icinga and Telegraf plugins in Golang
* Wrote custom backup/restore processes in Ruby


**SolidFire Inc.**  
Senior Devops Engineer    Oct 2014 - Dec 2015

* Helped grow team from 5 to 12 engineers by developing standards for
  interviewing, onboarding, and documentation.
* Managed a heterogenous environment across multiple hardware, software,
  and platform vendors. This environment included Cisco UCS, Dell rack
servers, Arista, Cisco, Broadcom, Mellanox, Dell, and Intel networking
hardware, as well as a mix of Ubuntu and CentOS Linux, OpenStack, VMware
ESX/vSphere, and CloudStack.
* Assessed and audited existing environment for IPO-readiness and
  presented documented infrastructure project recommendations to
management to remediate issues.
* Created a significant amount of documentation around internal systems
  to help drive standardization of processes and procedures for
operations and assist team troubleshooting efforts.
* Lead a project to revamp our internal VM infrastructure
* Planned, Documented, and Implemented a new coordinated time service
  internally to aid in cross-regional consensus in the environment
* Assisted in several major infrastructure projects, including a
  physical datacenter move, and a network redesign/restructuring project
* Acted as an internal expert resource on DNS, DHCP, Git, MongoDB, and
  Information Security.
* Lead a project to revamp externally facing Support connectivity in our
  product to greatly increase security, including writing a complete set
of automation to deploy and maintain the externally facing servers in a
secure fashion.
* Worked with the team on automating existing and new infrastructure
  with SaltStack and BASH.
* Helped product development teams to troubleshoot issues within our
  test environment, which included in-depth network troubleshooting with
tools like tcpdump and iperf, as well as protocol troubleshooting for
iSCSI (open-iscsi, OpenStack Cinder, ESX iSCSI initiator, and UCS iSCSI
initiator).
* Performed capacity planning and helped to administrate and maintain
  six SolidFire SAN clusters which are part of the internal SolidFire
production environment and provide us a mechanism for dogfooding our
product.

**Rackspace Hosting** (Jul 2010 - Oct 2014)  
Systems Engineer III    May 2014 - Oct 2014

* Work directly with engineering and development teams to architect
  solutions for internal concerns and implement them within the
production environments
* Act as a liaison between business units, vendors, and internal teams
  as part of a Product Management team.
* Technical representative for the Product organization on the internal
  Linux Tech Council
* Global technical product owner and Product Engineer for Linux
  operating systems
* Wrote internally focused white papers used as the basis of business
  decisions regarding the technical characteristics of various Linux
distributions
* Created policies, standards, and processes around the evaluation,
  testing, and deployment of Linux operating systems
* Responsible for OS level verification of new hardware prototypes being
  considered for product offerings
* Involved from an OS perspective in the development and launch of Cloud
  OnMetal using OpenCompute hardware
* Championed following community project standards for packaging when
  packaging and deploying custom software
* Worked closely with engineering teams at HP, Dell, Samsung, Intel, Red
  Hat, Novell/SuSE, Oracle, and CoreOS.
* Identified flaws in the MEI ME modules of the Linux Kernel which were
  patched upstream with my assistance

Linux Operations Engineer III    Aug 2013 - May 2014

* Work directly with engineering and development teams to architect
  solutions for internal concerns and implement them within the
production environments.
* Documented infrastructure, issues, solutions, and workarounds as
  needed through the use of multiple ticketing and knowledge aggregation
systems.
* Train and instruct new hires into operational roles on current
  implementation, design, and state of Rackspace Cloud infrastructure,
including system architecture.
* Act as an organizational Point of Communication between teams in a
  tiered technical structure
* Collaborate with other Operational, Engineering, and Development teams
  to troubleshoot and resolve complex issues involving all facets of
infrastructure.
* Act as a subject-matter expert and point of escalation for teams
  internal to the company regarding all facets of Rackspace Cloud
infrastructure.
* Designated as primary subject matter expert for Rackspace Cloud Load
  Balancers, Cloud Identity, Cloud Control Panel, and several internal
projects
* Provided operational support for several portions of the largest
  OpenStack Public Cloud in the world.

Linux Operations Engineer II    Feb 2012 - Aug 2013

* Deploy and Maintain complex customer-facing web properties
* Deploy and Maintain large-scale backend infrastructure used for
  product integration in the world's 2nd largest Public Cloud
* Documented infrastructure, issues, solutions, and workarounds as
  needed through the use of multiple ticketing and knowledge aggregation
systems.
* Trained and Instructed new hires into Operational roles on current
  implementation, design, and state of Public Cloud infrastructure,
including system architecture.
* Act as an organizational Point of Communication between teams in a
  tiered technical structure
* Collaborate with other Operational, Engineering, and Development teams
  to troubleshoot and resolve complex issues involving all facets of
infrastructure.
* Acted as a subject-matter expert and point of escalation for
  customer-facing issues during after-hours and on-call as needed.
* Designated as primary subject matter expert for Rackspace Cloud Load
  Balancers, Cloud Identity, Cloud Control Panel, and several internal
projects
* Provided operational support for several portions of the largest
  OpenStack Public Cloud in the world.
* Participated in the Open Compute Project working group on Virtual I/O
* Provided specialized assistance unique to my skillset to other teams
  outside my normal job role as needed to advance infrastructure
improvements internal to the company.

Windows System Admin II      Jul 2010 - Feb 2012

* Provide customer-facing server support for managed hosting
  environments during the 3rd shift (night-shift)
* Engage customer technical teams to assist in making decisions
  regarding upgrades, implementation, and troubleshooting
* Proactively monitor customer trouble tickets and provide phone
  coverage
* Ensure all tickets and phone calls are handled within appropriate SLA
  time-frames
* Perform documented and routine server maintenance tasks on customer's
  behalf
* Assist in customer implementation of new technologies and services at
  a server hardware/software configuration level
* Collaborate with team-mates and other internal departments to resolve
  customer issues in a timely manner and with total resolution.
* Designated after-hours (3rd shift) subject matter expert for SSL and
  DNS.

**Scholastic**  
Technical Analytics Consultant    Jun 2010 - Dec 2010

* Wrote complex analytic templates using VBA in Excel and PowerPoint
* Self-managing telecommuter
* Automated some analytic processes and chart generation from data set
* Automated generation of PowerPoint presentations from analyzed data
  sets contained in Excel

**Enactus**  
Systems Administrator     Jun 2008 - Jul 2010

* Serviced and maintained HP desktops and Lenovo/IBM laptops
* Managed and expanded wired and wireless networking infrastructure
* Implemented and managed ticket, asset, contract, and purchase tracking
  system
* Provided technical support to remote and onsite users over email and
  phone
* Troubleshot VPN, mail, and other service and computing issues
* Performed, maintained, and audited backups and backup operations
* Managed single-forest Active Directory and Exchange 2003 server
* Managed Blackberry Enterprise Server v4.x and v5.x
* Maintained and repaired Blackberry 81xx, 83xx, 89xx, and 9xxx
* Supported remote services and remote users targeted internationally in
  40+ countries
* Managed and maintained MS SQL Server 2005
* Maintained storage systems using HP MSA500
* Implemented, upgraded, and maintained HP Proliant rack servers, DL380,
  385, 360, and 320 G2 through G5.
* Managed Cisco VOIP phone system using Unity Call Manager and Voicemail
* Implemented and managed temporary remote office for multi-site company
  events hosting 4000+ participants
* Managed side-event and meeting A/V operations during company events
* Managed Tandberg video-conference system, endpoints, and Codian MCU

**Variform**  
IT Contractor      Aug 2007 - Dec 2007

* Assisted in corporate network infrastructure migration at HQ after a
  major business acquisition
* Deployed desktop systems on site at manufacturing plants
* Configured and deployed laptop systems for remote sales users
* Supported end user systems and troubleshooted network/vpn issues
* Assisted in performing a lease audit and subsequent lease return
* Provided support and migrated network infrastructure at remote sites

**Janss Lumber Company LLC**  
Systems Administrator (freelance)    Sep 2004 - Jul 2007

* Installed multi-site corporate network
* Built workstations from parts
* Maintained point-of-sale system
* Set up WAN and VPN systems; set up remote-access system for
  salespeople

**Hilton Electronics**  
Systems Administrator (freelance)    Feb 2005 - Mar 2007

* Built, deployed, and maintained Windows 2000 and Windows XP
  workstations
* Installed network cabling and hardware infrastructure
* Configured and maintained network hardware

**Mozilla Foundation**
QA/Bug Triage (volunteer)     Nov 2003 - Aug 2006

* Located, reported, and helped repair serious security vulnerability in
  the Firefox browser.
* Awarded a $500 security bug bounty
* Tested nightly builds of software and created test cases
* Provided technical support through community forums and IRC


Education
---------

2004 - 2008  
**AAS, Networking Technology**; Ozarks Technical Community College
(Springfield, MO)

Activities and Societies: Student Government (Representative 4 Years),
Students In Free Enterprise (Vice-Pres 2 Years), CPU Society (Secretary
1 Year)


Certifications
--------------

**CompTIA Network+**  
License 7QKE7BSKKNQ15NYM   Jun 2005

**CompTIA Linux+**  
License 7QKE7BSKKNQ15NYM   May 2007

**CompTIA Security+**  
License 7QKE7BSKKNQ15NYM   May 2007

**Certified Scrum Product Owner**  
Scrum Alliance, License 000348930  Aug 2014

**Microsoft Certified Professional**  
License 6035308    Jan 2008


Publications
------------

[Securing Email: Building a Secure Email
Server](http://securemail.tristor.ro/#!server.md)  
Self-Published Online   Aug 2014

----
> <tristor@gmail.com> • +1 (210)213-7249  
> 7404 Forest Stream • Live Oak, TX 78233

Commit message:

Updating to mention SOC II and HITRUST efforts at Eligible.

resume.md, after:

Tyler Duzan
===========

----
Tyler Duzan is an 12 year veteran of the tech industry. He got his start with computers at a
very young age, learning his first programming language (BASIC) at six years old. As he got
older his fascination with computers progressed into a passion for all things technology with
an emphasis on security. As part of exploring this passion he has learned a broad range of
technical skills including a deep understanding of Windows, Linux, and networking. While at
Rackspace Hosting for a little over four years he was involved in many projects including the
launch of Cloud Databases, writing deployment automation for Cloud Identity enabling the Sydney
region launch, acting as the Global Technical Product Owner for Linux operating systems at
Rackspace, and many more. Most recently, Tyler has joined the Y-Combinator backed health
technology startup Eligible as a Senior Technical Operations Engineer working remotely.


My top 10 Gallup Strengths are Arranger, Responsibility, Learner, Ideation, Activator,
Command, Achiever, Intellection, Input, Communication. My Myers-Briggs is INTJ. I specialize
in problem-solving, absorbing and understanding complex systems and explaining them in a simple
manner, and architecting solutions for applications at scale. From building simple 2 server +
load balancer high availability systems to helping build one of the largest Public Cloud
deployments in the world which spans multiple datacenters geographically; I have the skills
necessary to operate any environment at any scale.
----

Experience
----------

**Eligible Inc.**  
Senior Technical Operations Engineer    Jan 2016 - Present

* Managed an environment in the Cloud using Terraform and Amazon Web Services (AWS)
* Managed environment configurations using Chef, using automated testing with
  ServerSpec, Food Critic, and Rubocop.
* Assist the security team as needed with assessing and mitigating any
  security issues found in the environment.
* Managed user server and VPN access via Chef and a set of Rake tasks
* Responsible to ensure that all scripts, cookbooks, and other IP
  produced by the team is documented thoroughly.
* Wrote custom Nagios/Icinga and Telegraf plugins in Golang
* Wrote custom backup/restore processes in Ruby
* Active part of compliance and audit readiness efforts. [Helped Eligible get SOC II and HITRUST certified!](http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110006165/en)


**SolidFire Inc.**  
Senior Devops Engineer    Oct 2014 - Dec 2015

* Helped grow team from 5 to 12 engineers by developing standards for
  interviewing, onboarding, and documentation.
* Managed a heterogenous environment across multiple hardware, software,
  and platform vendors. This environment included Cisco UCS, Dell rack
servers, Arista, Cisco, Broadcom, Mellanox, Dell, and Intel networking
hardware, as well as a mix of Ubuntu and CentOS Linux, OpenStack, VMware
ESX/vSphere, and CloudStack.
* Assessed and audited existing environment for IPO-readiness and
  presented documented infrastructure project recommendations to
management to remediate issues.
* Created a significant amount of documentation around internal systems
  to help drive standardization of processes and procedures for
operations and assist team troubleshooting efforts.
* Lead a project to revamp our internal VM infrastructure
* Planned, Documented, and Implemented a new coordinated time service
  internally to aid in cross-regional consensus in the environment
* Assisted in several major infrastructure projects, including a
  physical datacenter move, and a network redesign/restructuring project
* Acted as an internal expert resource on DNS, DHCP, Git, MongoDB, and
  Information Security.
* Lead a project to revamp externally facing Support connectivity in our
  product to greatly increase security, including writing a complete set
of automation to deploy and maintain the externally facing servers in a
secure fashion.
* Worked with the team on automating existing and new infrastructure
  with SaltStack and BASH.
* Helped product development teams to troubleshoot issues within our
  test environment, which included in-depth network troubleshooting with
tools like tcpdump and iperf, as well as protocol troubleshooting for
iSCSI (open-iscsi, OpenStack Cinder, ESX iSCSI initiator, and UCS iSCSI
initiator).
* Performed capacity planning and helped to administrate and maintain
  six SolidFire SAN clusters which are part of the internal SolidFire
production environment and provide us a mechanism for dogfooding our
product.

**Rackspace Hosting** (Jul 2010 - Oct 2014)  
Systems Engineer III    May 2014 - Oct 2014

* Work directly with engineering and development teams to architect
  solutions for internal concerns and implement them within the
production environments
* Act as a liaison between business units, vendors, and internal teams
  as part of a Product Management team.
* Technical representative for the Product organization on the internal
  Linux Tech Council
* Global technical product owner and Product Engineer for Linux
  operating systems
* Wrote internally focused white papers used as the basis of business
  decisions regarding the technical characteristics of various Linux
distributions
* Created policies, standards, and processes around the evaluation,
  testing, and deployment of Linux operating systems
* Responsible for OS level verification of new hardware prototypes being
  considered for product offerings
* Involved from an OS perspective in the development and launch of Cloud
  OnMetal using OpenCompute hardware
* Championed following community project standards for packaging when
  packaging and deploying custom software
* Worked closely with engineering teams at HP, Dell, Samsung, Intel, Red
  Hat, Novell/SuSE, Oracle, and CoreOS.
* Identified flaws in the MEI ME modules of the Linux Kernel which were
  patched upstream with my assistance

Linux Operations Engineer III    Aug 2013 - May 2014

* Work directly with engineering and development teams to architect
  solutions for internal concerns and implement them within the
production environments.
* Documented infrastructure, issues, solutions, and workarounds as
  needed through the use of multiple ticketing and knowledge aggregation
systems.
* Train and instruct new hires into operational roles on current
  implementation, design, and state of Rackspace Cloud infrastructure,
including system architecture.
* Act as an organizational Point of Communication between teams in a
  tiered technical structure
* Collaborate with other Operational, Engineering, and Development teams
  to troubleshoot and resolve complex issues involving all facets of
infrastructure.
* Act as a subject-matter expert and point of escalation for teams
  internal to the company regarding all facets of Rackspace Cloud
infrastructure.
* Designated as primary subject matter expert for Rackspace Cloud Load
  Balancers, Cloud Identity, Cloud Control Panel, and several internal
projects
* Provided operational support for several portions of the largest
  OpenStack Public Cloud in the world.

Linux Operations Engineer II    Feb 2012 - Aug 2013

* Deploy and Maintain complex customer-facing web properties
* Deploy and Maintain large-scale backend infrastructure used for
  product integration in the world's 2nd largest Public Cloud
* Documented infrastructure, issues, solutions, and workarounds as
  needed through the use of multiple ticketing and knowledge aggregation
systems.
* Trained and Instructed new hires into Operational roles on current
  implementation, design, and state of Public Cloud infrastructure,
including system architecture.
* Act as an organizational Point of Communication between teams in a
  tiered technical structure
* Collaborate with other Operational, Engineering, and Development teams
  to troubleshoot and resolve complex issues involving all facets of
infrastructure.
* Acted as a subject-matter expert and point of escalation for
  customer-facing issues during after-hours and on-call as needed.
* Designated as primary subject matter expert for Rackspace Cloud Load
  Balancers, Cloud Identity, Cloud Control Panel, and several internal
projects
* Provided operational support for several portions of the largest
  OpenStack Public Cloud in the world.
* Participated in the Open Compute Project working group on Virtual I/O
* Provided specialized assistance unique to my skillset to other teams
  outside my normal job role as needed to advance infrastructure
improvements internal to the company.

Windows System Admin II      Jul 2010 - Feb 2012

* Provide customer-facing server support for managed hosting
  environments during the 3rd shift (night-shift)
* Engage customer technical teams to assist in making decisions
  regarding upgrades, implementation, and troubleshooting
* Proactively monitor customer trouble tickets and provide phone
  coverage
* Ensure all tickets and phone calls are handled within appropriate SLA
  time-frames
* Perform documented and routine server maintenance tasks on customer's
  behalf
* Assist in customer implementation of new technologies and services at
  a server hardware/software configuration level
* Collaborate with team-mates and other internal departments to resolve
  customer issues in a timely manner and with total resolution.
* Designated after-hours (3rd shift) subject matter expert for SSL and
  DNS.

**Scholastic**  
Technical Analytics Consultant    Jun 2010 - Dec 2010

* Wrote complex analytic templates using VBA in Excel and PowerPoint
* Self-managing telecommuter
* Automated some analytic processes and chart generation from data set
* Automated generation of PowerPoint presentations from analyzed data
  sets contained in Excel

**Enactus**  
Systems Administrator     Jun 2008 - Jul 2010

* Serviced and maintained HP desktops and Lenovo/IBM laptops
* Managed and expanded wired and wireless networking infrastructure
* Implemented and managed ticket, asset, contract, and purchase tracking
  system
* Provided technical support to remote and onsite users over email and
  phone
* Troubleshot VPN, mail, and other service and computing issues
* Performed, maintained, and audited backups and backup operations
* Managed single-forest Active Directory and Exchange 2003 server
* Managed Blackberry Enterprise Server v4.x and v5.x
* Maintained and repaired Blackberry 81xx, 83xx, 89xx, and 9xxx
* Supported remote services and remote users targeted internationally in
  40+ countries
* Managed and maintained MS SQL Server 2005
* Maintained storage systems using HP MSA500
* Implemented, upgraded, and maintained HP Proliant rack servers, DL380,
  385, 360, and 320 G2 through G5.
* Managed Cisco VOIP phone system using Unity Call Manager and Voicemail
* Implemented and managed temporary remote office for multi-site company
  events hosting 4000+ participants
* Managed side-event and meeting A/V operations during company events
* Managed Tandberg video-conference system, endpoints, and Codian MCU

**Variform**  
IT Contractor      Aug 2007 - Dec 2007

* Assisted in corporate network infrastructure migration at HQ after a
  major business acquisition
* Deployed desktop systems on site at manufacturing plants
* Configured and deployed laptop systems for remote sales users
* Supported end user systems and troubleshooted network/vpn issues
* Assisted in performing a lease audit and subsequent lease return
* Provided support and migrated network infrastructure at remote sites

**Janss Lumber Company LLC**  
Systems Administrator (freelance)    Sep 2004 - Jul 2007

* Installed multi-site corporate network
* Built workstations from parts
* Maintained point-of-sale system
* Set up WAN and VPN systems; set up remote-access system for
  salespeople

**Hilton Electronics**  
Systems Administrator (freelance)    Feb 2005 - Mar 2007

* Built, deployed, and maintained Windows 2000 and Windows XP
  workstations
* Installed network cabling and hardware infrastructure
* Configured and maintained network hardware

**Mozilla Foundation**
QA/Bug Triage (volunteer)     Nov 2003 - Aug 2006

* Located, reported, and helped repair serious security vulnerability in
  the Firefox browser.
* Awarded a $500 security bug bounty
* Tested nightly builds of software and created test cases
* Provided technical support through community forums and IRC


Education
---------

2004 - 2008  
**AAS, Networking Technology**; Ozarks Technical Community College
(Springfield, MO)

Activities and Societies: Student Government (Representative 4 Years),
Students In Free Enterprise (Vice-Pres 2 Years), CPU Society (Secretary
1 Year)


Certifications
--------------

**CompTIA Network+**  
License 7QKE7BSKKNQ15NYM   Jun 2005

**CompTIA Linux+**  
License 7QKE7BSKKNQ15NYM   May 2007

**CompTIA Security+**  
License 7QKE7BSKKNQ15NYM   May 2007

**Certified Scrum Product Owner**  
Scrum Alliance, License 000348930  Aug 2014

**Microsoft Certified Professional**  
License 6035308    Jan 2008


Publications
------------

[Securing Email: Building a Secure Email
Server](http://securemail.tristor.ro/#!server.md)  
Self-Published Online   Aug 2014

----
> <tristor@gmail.com> • +1 (210)213-7249  
> 7404 Forest Stream • Live Oak, TX 78233
